Tagtree is a simple tool for keeping data in tagged structures with
use of hardlinks.

The main dedication is to keep files int the directory organised with
some tags. So if you have for instance book 'Mathematical basics of
physics' you can put it both into 'math' and 'physics' folders, the
tagtree will find identical files and replace them with hard links.

The main advantages over many file-tagging frameworks is:
1. you are not bound to certain DE or file manager which will show you
needed tags;
2. once tag tree is initialised the needed way you can operate with
tagged files like with absolutely ordinary file structure: creating
directories (which will be interpreted as tags and subtags), placing
and moving files between different tags. The only thing you need once
in a while update tagtree structure. All configurations and data will
be stored in .tt/ directory;
3. selected viewable tags will stay that way until you will manually
choose to hide them (while in other tagging systems you need to look
for needed tags each time).


STRUCTURE

All meta information will be stored in .tt directory. It is organised
like:

.tt/
+ meta
+ files
| + <file-0-md5>
| + <file-1-md5>
| + <file-2-md5>
| + <file-3-md5>
| + ...
+ config

Here 'meta' file contains info about each file under tagtree control
(its tags, description if there is such and else) and each tag (tag
class, description if there is such and other). This file is organised
in form of sqlite database.

Files 'file-n-md5' are just files. It is the base in which all files
are situated. The names are md5 made for this files last tagtree
update.

Config file 'config' contains all current tagtree settings in simple
text format.


USAGE

Initialise tagtree structure in current path:

$ tagtree-cli init

Update tagtree structure according to the current directory content:

$ tagtree-cli update

Hide tag:

$ tagtree-cli hide <tag>

This will delete directory <tag>. Files of this tag will still be
there but you will see them only in .all directory if it exists. This
tag directory can be re-created again with next command.

Show tag:

$ tagtree-cli reveal <tag>


CONFIGURATION

Tagtree configuration presented in several levels: global
(/etc/tagtree.conf), user (~/.tagtree) and tagtree instance
(<tagtree-dif>/.tt/config).


HINTS

Tagtree can be used with tagtree-cli utility. But for more convenient
and fast access you can make alias in your shell to something like
'ttcli' or 'tt'.
